# Zomato_Data_Analysis
## Analysis the dataset of Zomato by various graphs using Jupyter Notebook.
ZOMATO is India’s largest and most successful startup company where food industry meets technology and connects thousands of restaurant with one thread. ZOMATO is the brainchild of Mr. Deepinder Goyal and Pankaj Chadda who were colleagues in ‘Bain And Company’. The idea to start ZOMATO came from the demand for menu cards to order food among their colleagues. ZOMATO provide local restaurants and hotel search services, they collect data on food menus, contacts and relevant information to users. Key resource for ZOMATO is large database of restaurants across cities. The value proposition that ZOMATO provide to its customers in one-stop shop for dines and offers restaurants and a way to differentiate among them and it also removes the bridge gap between the customers and the restaurants by efficient technology which reduces delivery time. It also provides rating based pricing model for foods by which a customer can choose the best dish or a restaurant according to their needs.
ZOMATO provides information of all restaurants about their food menu, detailed analysis of restaurant, its branches and locations, service hours and reviews & comments from other users who have already experience of having food on respective restaurant. The business model of ZOMATO is affiliate marketing model which work with website and mobile apps. The website enables user to search for food in different ways. Such as by name of food, general search in a specific location, search for available restaurant open in particular time of a day and even they can find out if the restaurant has a bar, buffet, live music, happy hours and other services. This is a great platform for people who love to eat and very choosy in terms of choice of food.
In today’s world large amount of data is being generated on daily basis, this data can be any data for example the data of a company or data of government and there is a need for this data to mined and analyzed. Every company for its success wants to analyze the data of their company to gain more profit.
In our project we have tried to analyze the data of ZOMATO which has various fields of data which include restaurant name, address, contact details, user reviews, cost and etc. and we have tried to visualize various fields of data through various graphs and tried to find the trend available in the data.

